you're watching the auction network for
decades baseball has been called
America's pastime the sport has known
many iconic players and great teams and
its rich history has endeared fans for
generations the auction network is
taking you to one of baseball's holiest
sites the Louisville Slugger Museum and
factory for its annual auction of
amazing artifacts for the fourth
consecutive year pennsylvania-based hot
auctions and Louisville Slugger team up
for baseball memorabilia auction with
hundreds of vintage cards autographs and
jerseys up for grabs it's a must-see
event for top collectors volved into a
week-long of events as being at the
party with finger honoree finger see jr.
and the appraisal fair and all the
different things and people applying
just to be here for the event even if
they're not bidding we've actually had
clients tell us they're just here
there's nothing in this particular
option for them but to come to
louisville slugger museum to see all the
great bats in the history of the bat
itself and then to watch the auction
finished here for a great event and that
tells you that you can create something
special because there's something in it
for everybody you can be a hobbyist you
can be a collector you can be a
collector and an investor people to
spend money in this business probably
won't the same love the history they
don't just buy it and own it and sell it
unless you're a deal okay this is a 1984
Eddie Murray Baltimore Orioles Jersey
kind of going through it this is a it a
polyester knit from from the 80 70s 80s
is when they became prevalent what you
have on here is also an interesting
patch which always adds a little bit of
value when you have unique patch and
this celebrated the 30th anniversary of
the Orioles which also helps you to date
it because it's 1984 this is a somewhat
unique shirt because when we originally
were authenticating it the
authentication company that we use found
that it was very very uncommon if not
someone I've heard of to have a rawlings
manufacturer for an or else jersey and
that can be a problem actually you
wanted when you have an anomaly anomaly
like that it's not to say that it's not
authentic but it is something you have
to look at through some bitter input
actually we were fairly sure this was
actually short warm by Murray during a
tour of Japan actually that looks like
our japan jersey there or either our
problem in year of the winning the World
Series out hey that's me it's neat I
mean it's flattering it's a flattering
it's embarrassing I came here today and
each pointed it out downstairs I looked
at it
and you know you can just I can remember
the color of it you can remember this
the emblem on the sleeves and you know
those were fun times there was ever any
question about the jersey being
authentic and the fact that he wore the
question was when did he wear it and why
would why was that Rawlings hang on
there versus the other manufacturers
well I love David sales there are very
diverse there they're one of the only
live auctions in our industry it's a
good place to network the quality of the
material is the best in the nation so
you always have a good selection you
know authenticity is never really a
question sports memorabilia is a
multi-million dollar industry but it's
not without controversy reports show
that many autographs are fakes so true
collectors often rely on accredited
auction houses for authenticity major
auction houses are always the safest
because they've got a track record
they've been around awhile they've got
return policies I've got guarantees they
bring in outside experts such as myself
to look at stuff from them the stuff has
been submitted they've got a reputation
they've got a physical address and as
such they're held accountable something
we like to do a larger venue events that
we conduct such as Louisville Slugger or
the all-star game is we do an appraisal
fair it's something that we can kind of
get back a little bit to the people that
have hosted us and do an event that's
going to bring visitors to their venue
in it's fun it's just interesting to see
what comes out of people's closets but
you want to dedicate this shirt we know
it's being purported to be a 1939 Joe
Gordon New York Yankees home pinstripes
naming the collar J Gordon J Gordon
wasn't was a joke Gordon was a great
player with the Yankees so we look at
her neck to make sure the name has been
changed next thing we do is we measure
the size of the Spalding time we know
the Euro will nail down the era so we
want to make sure that this tag is
consistent with the ear of 1939 and now
I look at this fabric and even without a
magnifying glass I see things going on
here this felt should have been on she'd
have the same
age is this so next thing you do is you
put these two together look to see if
there's consistency and feel if I was to
give you an evaluation as a shirt right
now I'd say it's a 39 hole this is
original and wise been replaced the
original page has been restored now you
may say well what's the big deal well
the big deal is if this was all original
was worth between 20 and 25 thousand
dollars if it's restored we do our final
evaluation it's worth between three and
four thousand dollars about 20 25 cm you
see value so no one wants to look for is
it can be huge 850 900 tonight a 16-15
opening a 16 or banana 16 I'm here Alex
1816 does home in 15 2016 baseball cards
is the is the bottom line is the anchor
of this business baseball cards in your
related material probably covers about
eighty to ninety percent of what trades
hands in the sports memorabilia industry
followed by autographs which takes up
the other ten to twenty percent
depending on how you split up with game
used memorabilia at best being five
percent of the total market for sports
gonna be i would say in this year's
auction you know there are lots of great
items they really are but new kind of
needless to say the lou gehrig 1938 home
new york yankee series is kind of stolen
the show if you will just pristine
original condition a beautiful piece
with you know everything you want is an
auction your impeccable provenance
condition player caliber it's got
everything going for it that you could
want and we expected to bring about a
quarter million dollars if not more the
Louisville Slugger auction is the
highlight of the year from any baseball
fans but as we'll see later it's
bittersweet for others as this family
gives up their late to baseball forever
this is my grandfather's jersey from the
nineteen twenty eight st. Louis
Cardinals I
in a bit old a bit tattered the way it
should be I hope someone would a
collector possibly a museum would be
very interested in displaying and again
passing on that heritage from 50 or 60
years ago when you're dealing with
players family such as Joe DiMaggio Roy
Campanella you kind of gain an
understanding of what the family really
wants what they need out of the auction
as well not just from a pricing in a
sales standpoint but how their their
family members name is representing time
to buy some peanuts and cracker jacks
we'll be right back with more from HUD
questions 2007 Louisville Slugger Museum
and factory auction new register for
future live auctions go to auction
network com